
PUT YOUR NAME HERE: __Maggie Sheerin__

NOTE: If you are working by yourself (no teammates), then ignore this file
(self_reflection_3.txt) and use file   self_reflection_1.txt   instead.
If you are working with teammates, then the order
of the names in your team repository determines who uses which of the three
self_reflection_X.txt files, as per this example:
   For team     csse120-202110-andersm3-morrisnc-sheerimm
     -- anderssm3 must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- morrisnc  must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- sheerimm  must use   self_reflection_3.txt
Another example:
   For team     csse120-202101-kintnecm-rams-harristj
     -- kintnecm  must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- rams      must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- harristj  must use   self_reflection_3.txt

Then answer the following questions.
Answers can be BRIEF, but we expect them to be THOUGHTFUL answers.

1.  Explain, in a sentence or two, something that SURPRISED you
    after you began working on your project.

    Something that surprised me about this project was how easy I was able to create something fun and meaningful.
    When I was younger I never would have thought that I could make a whole video game in just two weeks.

2.  Identify something that you would have done DIFFERENTLY in your project,
    with hindsight.  Then explain, in a short paragraph, how you did that
    something (in your actual project), how you would have done it differently,
    why you would do it differently, and how you would encourage yourself
    to do it (or its equivalent) differently in future projects.

    Something that I would have done differently in my project is always work in person with my team.
    For the most part, we were able to accomplish a lot by both meeting in person and then working separately on
    our own parts. When we would come together to combine our work, it was sometimes difficult to learn what is going on
    in someone else's code. If we always worked together on something, we would all know what was going on in a
    particular piece of code or class. In the future, I will encourage all my teammates to get together when a pivotal
    piece of code is being made, or for the person who drafted it to present the code to the team so everyone
    understands it.

3.  Identify something that you are particularly PROUD of your work in your
    project.  Explain, in a short paragraph, what it is, why you are proud
    of it, and how you will encourage yourself to do it (or its equivalent)
    similarly in future projects.

    I am particularly proud of the positivity, determination, and ambition that my team had. This team did not go for
    the bare minimum. I was extremely proud of how everyone wanted to perfect their part and make the most out of this
    awesome project. This made me realize that a successful project is dependent on the mood and ethic of the members of
    the team working on it. In the future, I will be sure to always encourage my teammates and expect great work.
